feat: added a "testing" section to PR template (#2)
tem-energy/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## 📝 What

<!--
* Overview of what changed as a result of these commits.
* Use bullet points to be concise and to the point.
* Use plain simple English.
-->

## ❓ Why

<!--
* Provide the justifications for the changes, e.g. business case.
* Describe why these changes were made and how they address the problem.
-->

## 🧪 Testing

<!--
Check the boxes below if you have added or updated tests where needed.
If no changes were required for a given category, still check the box
to indicate you considered it. Add notes if helpful.
-->

- [ ] Unit tests added/updated (where needed)
- [ ] Integration tests added/updated (where needed)
- [ ] Automated QA test case added/updated (where needed)
- [ ] Manual testing performed (where needed)

**Notes / Evidence (optional):**

> <!-- Add reasoning if no tests were needed, or share logs/screenshots if manual testing was done. -->

Author: I like this prompt to include logs/screenshots! 

I just wonder if (especially in the long term) it would end up being shortcutted by just pasting one or two token screenshots showing their feature in action on the happy path, rather than describing/demonstrating the testing steps they performed to give reviewers a chance to spot gaps and/or edge cases that were neglected, or even to follow-along-at-home and repeat the testing themselves if they so desire, which was more or less the entire reason for this PR.

I'm open to suggestion and negotiation, but how about:
```suggestion
<!-- If testing was not required, provide the reason. If manual testing was conducted, include logs/screenshots along with a description of the testing steps performed. -->
```
